adds fill_nulls_with to all metric types (#4768)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/cumulative-metrics.md

| `measure` | The measure you are referencing. | Required |
| `window` | The accumulation window, such as 1 month, 7 days, 1 year. This can't be used with `grain_to_date`. | Optional  |
| `grain_to_date` | Sets the accumulation grain, such as month will accumulate data for one month. Then restart at the beginning of the next. This can't be used with `window`. | Optional |

> | `fill_nulls_with` | Set the value to zero instead of null in your metric definition. | Optional |

Reviewer: Quick update on the description. You can fill null values with anything, although zero will be the most common. I would change this to:

"Set a value, i.e 0, to fill null values in your metric definition."

Author: thanks so much @Jstein77 ! made those changes and merging now 🙏

> | `fill_nulls_with` | Set the value to zero instead of null in your metric definition. | Optional |

Author: ```suggestion
| `fill_nulls_with` | Set the value in your metric definition instead of null (such as zero).| Optional |
```

    type: cumulative # Required
    label: The value that will be displayed in downstream tools # Required
    type_params: # Required

>       fill_nulls_with: Set value to zero instead of null # Optional

Author: ```suggestion
      fill_nulls_with: Set the value in your metric definition instead of null (such as zero)# Optional
```

>       fill_nulls_with: Set the value in your metric definition instead of null (such as zero)# Optional

Author: ```suggestion
      fill_nulls_with: Set the value in your metric definition instead of null (such as zero) # Optional
```
